Q2

This is a system for generating planners.  It is inspired by the 7 Habits
of Highly Effective People, by Stephen Covey.  Thus, it has space for a
mission statement, roles, goals, and every event is categorized according
to the urgency-importance matrix.  It is designed to be a weekly planner,
with a preview of the next week.  In addition, the whole thing fits on
a single (double-sided) sheet of 8.5x11 paper.

Usage

Given a .q2 file, edit mkfile to specify it in the src variable.
This variable can contain a list of files, to support generating
several planners.  Assuming the paths are correct and the prerequisites
satsified (see mkfile), you should see 2 generated files, a .pdf file
and a .imp.pdf file.  The .pdf is a straightforward page-by-page layout
of the planner, mostly used for checking layout within the planner.
The .imp.pdf file is a imposition layout, limited to exactly 2 pages.
This can be printed, folded, and cut to make a booklet.  Staples or
thread can then be used to bind it.

Novel Features

As a planner, it supports both listing events with their time quadrants,
start times and durations, as well as indicating availability during
the day.  However, these features are separated.

An event listing contains a quadrant number, a 24hr based start time,
and the duration in minutes, divided by 10.  I've found that this
provides uniformity of format and enough granularity to accomodate
various durations.

The availability is indicated by the boxes in the top right of every
calendar page.  There are 16 boxes, split into 4 banks of 4.  Each bank is
numbered with a 24hr based hour, indicating the start time of that bank.
During a planning session, these boxes are colored in to indicate the
times during which you are unavailable.  For example, if I have a meeting
from 7am-10am, I would color in the last 3 boxes on the first bank.
Each box has a dot in the middle to easily allow for splitting hours.

This means that you can have routine events that you don't shedule into
your planner (mostly because you never forget them), but still have a
clear overview of when you are available.

The next week overview page indicates the date available for the next
week, with the first date in the top left (Sunday), and the last date
of that week (Saturday) in the top right.

Also on this page, overview events can optionally have a start time and
duration string.  If I have an event starting at 2:30pm, and lasting
for 2 hours, its description string would be 143012.

Pages 14 and 15 of the planner contain budgeting sheets, which include
an account specifier.  This enables double-entry ledger accounting,
allowing you to keep track of finances in multiple accounts with ease.

Source Format

Note that planner files are written in troff.  A set of helper macros
is defined in plan.so, and examples are given in demo.q2.  The troff
user manual will be invaluable in understanding the format.
